chore: improve aad-pod-identity errors (#3640)
kedacore/keda: CHANGELOG.md

### Improvements

- **General:** Add explicit seccompProfile type to securityContext config ([#3561](https://github.com/kedacore/keda/issues/3561))

> - **General:** Improve error messages in aad-pod-identity integration ([#3610](https://github.com/kedacore/keda/issues/3610))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Azure AD Pod Identity Authentication:** Improve error messages to emphasize problems around the integration with aad-pod-identity itself. ([#3610](https://github.com/kedacore/keda/issues/3610))
```
